00:08 Alright, um, so last time you set up a goal in the current version of Haru, do you remember how that felt?
00:16 Yeah, it just reminded me of any other goal setting up. It was pretty similar. Also. Just setting a goal, and then when you achieve that goal, and just go on next goal.
00:34 And but the rewards thing and adding like participants and like supporters, yeah, was pretty different actually.
00:46 Okay. So was there anything in a setup that didn't quite make sense without you change? Well, I do think that that app is not that flexible enough.
00:57 So, because, for example, I have to know every step of what I wanted my goal to be when I set it.
01:08 Like, for example, when I completed a goal, I need to complete the goal before it in order to complete the next goal.
01:17 But so, for some other apps, I can just list the goals that I need and complete any as I because I don't know what might come across maybe any complete another goal before I complete some certain goal.
01:38 Okay so yeah I guess you want the ability to like adapt your goals right? Is that what you mean? Yes it just that the situation might change a lot and then yeah the felt that felt really structured and that I need like very strict uh okay okay um so what I'm gonna get you do is I'm gonna uh you can use
02:05 like this new prototype of the app and there are like a few things that of like redesigned such as like the onboarding and some of the support or stuff and I'm just gonna get you to use it and while using can you just like say out loud what you're thinking and like kind of what you expect would have.
02:22 Well, I'm kind of falsified out loud. I've been tart sweet. Very, very, very intense. Do you like comics? Do you like reading?
02:29 I don't really stop. I'm honest. Can you say out loud what you're thinking, what do you expect to happen? What you're like what you're looking for and like anything that surprises you.
02:44 I kind of just like you're thinking process while you're doing it, so they're like there's no wrong answers, if there's anything that's confusing just that's useful, okay, so yeah, go through it.
03:00 What is it, just talk out loud, do I just continue or what do I need to run here, or what Oh yeah, there's Nambles Hill which are very helpful, let's see that one.
03:55 did it did it if you confused that's something just like say I'm not as as well. Okay so why does that just sit there?
04:17 Do I need to name it as well? You don't have this one um because I thought just pressing one it would just make it a go a milestone basically how it works is like you break it down into a milestone first and then you break that master it now.
04:48 I'd be further into like what actions you could do. Oh okay like actions okay yeah if there's like one section.
04:54 Yeah next mall is done. Second, second, one. Yes, sir.
06:27 Um. Yeah, I think I have any supporters, you think, but why genuinely help, or, yeah, you that are doing the same assignment.
06:59 Uh-oh. Yep. Bye. Progress. Yeah. Did he? Yeah. And then, what do you think about what is the second? What do you think?
07:24 yeah sections about um just so try it see if everything you want is there will you have one to know yeah the idea is like you can start it straight away if you can do one of the actions first that's right but this but like if there's anything I confuse you, or like, as you go to X-ray and B-Stray, can
07:58 you also say like what you're expecting, this is supposed to do, or like what do you think it's like actually doing.
08:07 I guess the whole um action thing is really putting like your goal into perspective of what actually needs to be done for that goal to be completed, because if I set a complete first action, it's pretty broad, and I might just, it might procrastinate means actually completing it, but if I break it down
08:34 step by step, I guess I can, the feeling of completing something will make me more motivated to complete something else, so I feel like the actions really help with that.
08:53 So, I press that button. Right. It doesn't say, Oh, done. Oh, sorry. The repeat thing makes it, Like, you could add it again or complete it again.
09:19 could be a repeatable action, but that makes sense to you at the beginning when you first did that. Um I guess while showing me this um already like that action beforehand what helps me understand it I guess I thought it was like repeating the goal like more than once a day not repeating it actually 
09:46 like this Okay, that's really awesome, is there something like an example, can you maybe like talk about what you think about each one, whether you think it would be useful for you personally to like encourage you to complete your goals or like well I guess when your supporters are recognizing your work
10:23 it it can probably motivate me and I don't know it seems like if we have the same goals or if they are using huddle as well we can communicate through that and also just see how each other going like easier and more efficiently just by going on this and just checking want we're up to and maybe if we 
10:46 have any questions about like a certain goal that we're like both on, it can really help. So you're saying like not just a supporter but like a shared?
10:56 Yeah, a shared goal. Yeah. Yeah, it's really useful to see how like, so this is just like an example of like, what it looks like if you are like someone else's supporter.
11:17 Oh yeah, that's. Yeah, this is really cool. I guess it's this having these already there as default is really helpful so you can just quickly just send it.
11:38 And yeah I guess it can help your friends or anyone that you want to be in it. And also like last time it talks about you had like a part-time job while you're doing this.
11:55 Yeah. So you might have like studied girls and we're going at the same time. Um, what do you, how do you think the supporter like feature with, um, how do you think you would use the support of featured for that?
12:09 Like, would you even use it? Or, um, would it matter? Like having different kinds of supporters to see it and like being able to control what they see as well.
12:18 Yeah, I guess I could, I do maybe less in the work space and day-to-day. I wouldn't really need, or I don't really think of a supporter being there to like see my day-to-day sinus of what I'm doing.
12:40 But maybe for, yeah, school, it could help. like an assignment I think getting supported and supporting other people could be an interesting way to like interact with everyone.
12:56 So would you say most likely like what kind of supporters are most likely to add? Friends, people that are doing the same thing.
13:07 Another thing I probably could see me using this for is maybe like house jobs and my supporters could be my family or just so like they can see what I've done around the house like chores for example and you can share it, share it in a caragement or like say or check in even oh that's yeah this is checking
13:35 me like how have you finished this, when are you going to finish this? Oh yeah. I see. Yeah. So different kinds.
13:43 Different goals. Yeah. Different. So what do you think about? Do you think this feature is like useful to you? Like being able to set your privacy for each support up yeah like for example definitely everything is like they see so for progress they see pretty much all your milestones or your actions 
14:11 but they they don't see whether you've like missed a milestone or like you missed a target then everything is like they see even like the you like missing some days they they could be checking on you, right?
14:24 And like just about ability is like they only see what days you're like working on the goals. Oh, right. Yeah, I guess these three different types are really helpful in depending on what the goals are.
14:43 I think I would probably for everything would be things that I need to be held accountable for. So then people with they see me missing milestones or not completing things on time where I want them to be They can probably remind me and then send like a little text like they have here That's pretty like
15:01 that could tie in all together really well and Yeah progress Just as a generalized goal. It's good to like Have people see where your goals are.
15:13 So maybe they can have some of their own goals as well and And I guess I'd like to see the supporters as well and in the other perspective, like me supporting them.
15:25 I'd like to see their goals and their progress on it. Yeah, and for people that want to be really private, not necessarily me in the situation, but yeah, like that works for them.
15:40 And that suits all kinds of different people and what they want with this app. Okay. Yeah, okay. I'm good to know.
15:48 Yeah, you can just, yeah. Just like your opinion, things, you know, whether you think it's, yeah, actually useful. Okay. But I think about the version you used last time, verse this one, what do you think is like the biggest difference?
16:07 I think this this one is more there's more options and I really like the action thing and it just really I feel like also this one is was quite easier to use whereas the other one I was not really familiar with because this just why do you think it was museum.
16:33 Because it's like on a like a generalized basis it does feel the same and have the same things but when I like filled in like the like the goals it already had like the actions and like it could like remind me to maybe write like 400 words so I added that as a milestone.
16:58 Like I wouldn't have thought of that. Whereas like the original Haru, like I would have to think of everything that I need to get done beforehand.
17:07 Like before I wrote it on, like I said it as a goal, I'd need to think about it. But this I can think about it as I go and see if I write 400 words, what would I want to do next?
17:20 Like what's my goal next? It just gives like uh like it helps and supports like my goals. It's easier and it's more like yeah.
17:31 So it's like there's more like cognitive overload like you had to think a lot more for the first one. Yeah.
17:41 Okay but the first one they do have templates as well for like several goals. Okay. But I guess it was like more templates for the milestones.
17:53 Right. This one is just has an extra layout with the milestones get broken down into actions. Yes. I do really like the actions.
18:04 And I guess here as well, like did the original have these like sections? uh they did but it was like you know um it's like in the hamburger menu it wasn't oh okay I do like how it's at the bottom like it's a very clear different sections and it's very easy to use and it breaks down different I see good
18:32 to know it but I think like the first one is like This is just like a small prototype, so there's only like three things I've added for the other line.
18:41 The original version of this more pages and access, so it just might be either C either. Yeah, but I guess these three are like the main things that people might want as a quick access.
18:55 And also like on here, I like how this is like just set up for you. and I do like how this is a whole thing like this is like a message it's encouragement page section okay yeah okay was there a moment okay you might have answered okay was there a moment in this version where you thought it's worse than
19:19 the previous one. Probably like the confusion of the actions. I didn't know specifically that. Like you didn't make sense about the action.
19:42 It could have had a bit more like a prompt on how to do it or like a like an instruction.
19:48 uh okay or like yeah like I don't know the other one was just like the here's your model here's your here's your goal like what's your goal what's your milestone and add them and then it was just very set out this is also set out but it's just like that action thing as a subjection of the goal could 
20:11 have been explained Yeah, okay. So if you could change one thing about this prototype before you use it for real, like what would it be?
20:21 Maybe just start efficient and flowing, like so maybe like it pop up as like go what's your goal? And then like after you set your goal, it would be have a drop-down menu, or like um now time to like break down your goal.
20:39 What are some actions you can set up? And then it would be like have a button like it did like next goal, next milestone.
20:47 So do you think do you think it would be easier if it was like more conversational or more like or just like structures like headings and um I guess from in my opinion I would just need to suck feel like headings but actually some people might prefer more conversational so it's more interactive so they
21:08 feel like it's more like the app is more attractive to them so they it's more like casual and I don't know in a sense like fun to use not like a like it because goals some people like it's a chore to finish them so maybe having it more conversational and attractive it could make people want to open that
21:34 out and read what goes after complete. More attractive, okay. What do you mean by that? I don't know maybe I could more encouraging front page, like more not just like this is kind of like not attracted to the eye.
21:57 Yeah, that makes sense. Like, yeah. Okay. It's very formal. What do you think could make a more attractive to the eye?
22:11 More colors, or you could, like, you'd customize your own colors, customize where it goes where, like, have little widgets to remind you.
22:20 Or even the app could have its widget of its own. Or like, I don't know, just, I guess setting it out this way is very just structured and like just there for you, but I don't know, in my opinion, I just want it to be more interactive.
22:43 Okay. Still too, Okay, it's just like a bit plain for you. Yeah, playing. Yeah, like, yeah, so what do you think could make you want to use them?
22:59 Like, what do you think would make you want to use it every day, please? Well, with the supporter thing, I feel like that could encourage me to use it.
23:13 Like, if that was like a big thing of the app, which not sure, but because it's just a prototype, But if I was to actually use it and I've had if I have all these supporters and like I could check on their like and like check on their progress that would like entice me to use it more because I don't 
23:33 know just it's connecting it's not just like, oh, here are my goals. I didn't complete my goals. I can also see other people's goals.
23:42 like has a little bit of an incentive to use it and maybe it's like these things and expanded more and probably make is there rewards there is in the previous one but yeah the rewards will help what kind of rewards like giving example of a situation?
24:11 Well, I feel like rewards that supporters could set up all rewards that you would want to receive from your supporters or a reward you could set for yourself as like an on-reward system.
24:25 So there could be a menu where it's like rewards for finishing this goal. I could write something that I can achieve after I finish my goal and there could be a reward that I set myself So to try and encourage me to finish my goals.
24:39 Okay. Okay. Yeah, cool. Well, thank you again for coming. So are you okay with me using these recordings of my assignment solution?
24:55 Yes. Okay. Yeah. Thank you.